README.md, before:

# Kili Blogger program

This program is for enthusiasts who want to contribute to our list of Data Science / Machine Learning tutorials, deep-dives, and make other Data Engineers’ and scientists’ life easier by helping them learn through hands-on examples. We're looking for writers who are tech-savy. 

## How does it work?

### Step 1 - Join the Blogger Program
Join the program by filling [this form](https://share.hsforms.com/1PkSi5rNcSsalwQ13LzhMVg564ac) 

### Step 2 - Propose a topic and an outline. 
Pitch your article/tutorial idea to us or select an existing issue in our community content GitHub repository.
1. Have your own topic or tutorial? Create a new issue and include an outline of what you have in mind. [Submit your own article proposal](https://github.com/kili-technology/kili-blogger-program/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=submit-an-article-proposal.md&title=%5BArticle+Proposal%5D+)
2. You can also browse and select any existing topic labeled with "looking for an author". Add a comment to show your interest and include a short summary and a detailed outline. [Write about topics / tutorials looking for author](https://github.com/kili-technology/kili-blogger-program/projects/1) 

### Step 3 - Get assigned to an article
Once you submit your proposal, our team will review, approve your request and assign you the article in Github.

### Step 4 - Write the article
Go over our FAQ section below to learn more about the writing and submission process. Before to write your article, please read the [writing guidelines](https://github.com/kili-technology/kili-blogger-program/blob/main/writing-guidelines.md)

### Step 5 - Get paid 
Once your article is reviewed and published on our blog, you can submit your invoice to get paid. 
To issue and submit your invoice, please check the FAQ section on this page.



# Frequently Asked Questions

#### Before I start writing, are there any writing guidelines that I should follow?
Yes, you must follow these [writing guidelines](https://github.com/kili-technology/kili-blogger-program/blob/main/writing-guidelines.md). Articles that do not follow our guidelines will not be published in Kili.


#### Where do I share my article?
After the approval of your submitted topic and outline, you can start writing your draft. We use Google Docs to submit and review drafts. Include a link to the code repository, add the word count at the bottom of your article (all content excluding code) - Make sure sharing permissions provides view & edit access to anyone who has the dropbox article link in order to avoid any delays as multiple members of our team will be checking the article. Here is an example of a submitted article that you can duplicate.

#### How much do I get paid?
You get paid for articles published to the Kili Blog. And the article will be published under your name along with a profile picture.
We follow this criteria to compensate our writers :
- Articles (< 1000 words —> €100)
- Articles (> 1000 words —> €150)
- Tutorials (< 1300 words —> €120)
- Tutorials ( > 1300 words —> €200)

#### My blog post is published, How do I submit an invoice?
Once your blog post is published on our blog, please follow the below guidelines to submit your invoice:
The invoice should use [this template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WGiQghWIob_8oT2xBZStYQldAtEWIbAK17i45dk66PU/edit#heading=h.djsw662b5spe) and must include the URL of your blog post.
Invoice sent should be in PDF format.
Invoice file name should follow this format "firstname_lastname_month_blog-post-title".
Your bank account should be able to cash in Euros.
Submit your invoice by filling the following [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1nRI0iR1Zr7nxW1uZxxfkD00NS8SR_arsYaPWqs1koXk/edit)

#### Can I write in languages other than English?
Unfortunately, content published on our blog is currently in English only.

#### Can I publish a post to the Kili Blog that I have on another website?
No, we only publish original content to our blog. Submitted content must pass a plagiarism checker.

#### What type of content can I submit?
You can submit your own content ideas or select an issue raised by our community to write about. You can submit either technical or non technical content, covering the following topics: Training data, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Model Centric to Data Centric, open source, and Kili tutorials, guides, and How-tos.

#### How many articles can I submit each month?
There is no limit, but not every submitted article will be published.

#### What rights does Kili claim over the blog post?
Kili claims the blog post piece as our own after it is published and you have been compensated. You can however, after a month, publish as long as you have a canonical link pointing to the Kili post.

#### How can we contact you?
If you have any questions, please send a mail at <theo.dullin@kili-technology.com>

Commit message:

warn about plagiarism in the README

README.md, after:

# Kili Blogger program

This program is for enthusiasts who want to contribute to our list of Data Science / Machine Learning tutorials, deep-dives, and make other Data Engineers’ and scientists’ life easier by helping them learn through hands-on examples. We're looking for writers who are tech-savy. 

## How does it work?

### Step 1 - Join the Blogger Program
Join the program by filling [this form](https://share.hsforms.com/1PkSi5rNcSsalwQ13LzhMVg564ac) 

### Step 2 - Propose a topic and an outline. 
Pitch your article/tutorial idea to us or select an existing issue in our community content GitHub repository.
1. Have your own topic or tutorial? Create a new issue and include an outline of what you have in mind. [Submit your own article proposal](https://github.com/kili-technology/kili-blogger-program/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=submit-an-article-proposal.md&title=%5BArticle+Proposal%5D+)
2. You can also browse and select any existing topic labeled with "looking for an author". Add a comment to show your interest and include a short summary and a detailed outline. [Write about topics / tutorials looking for author](https://github.com/kili-technology/kili-blogger-program/projects/1) 

### Step 3 - Get assigned to an article
Once you submit your proposal, our team will review, approve your request and assign you the article in Github.

### Step 4 - Write the article
Go over our FAQ section below to learn more about the writing and submission process. Before to write your article, please read the [writing guidelines](https://github.com/kili-technology/kili-blogger-program/blob/main/writing-guidelines.md)

### Step 5 - Get paid 
Once your article is reviewed and published on our blog, you can submit your invoice to get paid. 
To issue and submit your invoice, please check the FAQ section on this page.



# Frequently Asked Questions

#### Before I start writing, are there any writing guidelines that I should follow?
Yes, you must follow these [writing guidelines](https://github.com/kili-technology/kili-blogger-program/blob/main/writing-guidelines.md). Articles that do not follow our guidelines will not be published in Kili.


#### Where do I share my article?
After the approval of your submitted topic and outline, you can start writing your draft. We use Google Docs to submit and review drafts. Include a link to the code repository, add the word count at the bottom of your article (all content excluding code) - Make sure sharing permissions provides view & edit access to anyone who has the dropbox article link in order to avoid any delays as multiple members of our team will be checking the article. Here is an example of a submitted article that you can duplicate.

#### How much do I get paid?
You get paid for articles published to the Kili Blog. And the article will be published under your name along with a profile picture.
We follow this criteria to compensate our writers :
- Articles (< 1000 words —> €100)
- Articles (> 1000 words —> €150)
- Tutorials (< 1300 words —> €120)
- Tutorials ( > 1300 words —> €200)

#### My blog post is published, How do I submit an invoice?
Once your blog post is published on our blog, please follow the below guidelines to submit your invoice:
The invoice should use [this template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WGiQghWIob_8oT2xBZStYQldAtEWIbAK17i45dk66PU/edit#heading=h.djsw662b5spe) and must include the URL of your blog post.
Invoice sent should be in PDF format.
Invoice file name should follow this format "firstname_lastname_month_blog-post-title".
Your bank account should be able to cash in Euros.
Submit your invoice by filling the following [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1nRI0iR1Zr7nxW1uZxxfkD00NS8SR_arsYaPWqs1koXk/edit)

#### Can I write in languages other than English?
Unfortunately, content published on our blog is currently in English only.

#### Can I publish a post to the Kili Blog that I have on another website?
No, we only publish original content to our blog. Submitted content must pass a plagiarism checker.

#### What type of content can I submit?
You can submit your own content ideas or select an issue raised by our community to write about. You can submit either technical or non technical content, covering the following topics: Training data, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Model Centric to Data Centric, open source, and Kili tutorials, guides, and How-tos. Please note that Kili only publishes original content. Therefore, plagiarism detection will always be performed prior to the validation of your piece.

#### How many articles can I submit each month?
There is no limit, but not every submitted article will be published.

#### What rights does Kili claim over the blog post?
Kili claims the blog post piece as our own after it is published and you have been compensated. You can however, after a month, publish as long as you have a canonical link pointing to the Kili post.

#### How can we contact you?
If you have any questions, please send a mail at <theo.dullin@kili-technology.com>
